
Ahoy! We're going to create a schema for school 🎓🏫. The schema will have
students, faculty, classes, grades, departments and such. You'll have to
make tables for each of these and those tables will have columns that must
be of certain types with certain constraints. It will be fun 😃.

Well...here we go. 

* You can assume a schema called `fake_yale` exists, that it is empty,
  and you have permissions to create new tables and such therein. Please
  _do not_ set the PostgreSQL `search_path` in your answer. That will just be pain
  in my derriere.  The reason is that I'm using [pgtap](https://pgtap.org/)
  to grade your assignment so I'm going to set your `search_path` in PostgreSQL
  to `fake_yale, pgtap` so on.
* Add a tabled called `departments` in the `fake_yale` schema.  It should have at least three columns: `id`, `name`, and `abbreviation`.
* `id` should be an [`IDENTITY` primary key](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-identity-column/)
  generated by default always.
* `name` and `abbreviation` should be text. They may not be null and
  must be unique. See [PostgreSQL constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.4/ddl-constraints.html).
  `name` should be fewer than 100 characters.
* `abbreviation` must be upper case and either three or four letters in length.
* Add the following departments to the database
  (I should mention 
  at this point that my tests are run only at the end of your code so you can 
  do data entry like this at the end, after creating your schema, if you want
  to do so. It doesn't matter.)
  * `Management`, `MGT`
  * `Computer Science`, `CPSC`
  * `Drama`, `DRAM`
* Add a table called `roles` with at least two columns: `id` and `name`.
  * `id` should be an `IDENTITY` primary key
    generated by default always.
  * `name` should be text. It may not be null and
    it must be unique. It should be lowercase and be fewer than 25 characters.
* Create a role with name "faculty" and role with name "student".
* Add a `fake_yale.users` table.  The table should have the following columns
  * `name`, a text field that may not be null and must have a length of
    more than 0 characters and fewer than 100.
  * `netid`, a text primary key. Must have a length greater than 2 and fewer than 10 characters
    and must be all lower case letters and numbers. It must begin with a letter.
  * `email`, a text field that may not be null, must be a valid email address,
    and must be unique. It should be fewer than 100 characters.
  * `role_id`, a foreign key to the `id` column in the `roles` table that
    may not be null.
* Please add the following students to the user table. (Please try to do this "properly",
  by not hard-coding the `role_id`, you might think about using 
  the so-called "insert into select" form 
  to accomplish the `INSERT`. But, I'm not going to check how you do it 😉.)
  * Kwame Abara, `ka234`, `kwame.abara@yale.edu`
  * Hua Zhi Ruo, `hzr98`, `zhirho.hua@yale.edu`
  * Magnus Hansen, `mh99`, `magnus.hansen@yale.edu`
  * Saanvi Ahuja, `ska299`, `saanvi.ahuja@yale.edu`
  * Isabella Torres, `ift12`, `isabella.torres@yale.edu`
* Please add the following faculty to the user table
  * Kyle Jensen, `klj39`, `kyle.jensen@yale.edu`
  * Judy Chevalier, `jc288`, `judith.chevalier@yale.edu`
  * Huang Zeqiong, `zh44`, `zeqiong.huang@yale.edu`
* Add a `terms` table. The table should have three columns.
  * `id` should be an `IDENTITY` primary key
    generated by default always.
  * `label` should be of type `TEXT`, more than three
    and fewer than 20 characters in length.
  * `dates` of type `DATERANGE` that may not be null. 
  * The table should have a so-called "exclusion constraint"
    such that no two terms have `dates` that overlap. (I should remind you
    at this point that this is just an example database. Obviously, we have
    terms at Yale that do overlap, like Spring and Spring II! 
    A better example use of a exclusion constraint would be something like
    an AirBnb rental. Or, I could have asked you to design a table that
    holds student schedules and you could have used an exclusion constraint
    to prohibit students from being in two classes that meet at the same
    time. You could even say something like "student classes need to be
    15 minutes apart". All that said, I thought this example was enough
    to familiarize you with the concept.)
* Add the following `terms` to the database
  * "Spring 2021", 2021-01-19 - 2021-05-13
  * "Fall 2021", 2021-08-01 - 2021-12-13
* Create a `courses` table with the following columns
  * `id` should be an `IDENTITY` primary key
    generated by default always.
  * `department_id` a foreign key to `departments(id)`, not null.
  * `number` an INT, not null, greater than 99 and less than 1000.
  * `name` TEXT greater than 5 characters and fewer than 100
  * `faculty_netid` a foreign key to a `users(netid)` not null.
  * `term_id` a foreign key `terms(id)` not null
* Ensure that a course can only be offered once per term. That is, 
  `term_id`, `department_id`, and `number` should be jointly unique
  using a constraint on the table.
* Add the following courses, again, please don't assume that you know
  numeric primary keys 🤓. That is, when do you do the insert, you shouldn't
  assume you know the primary key for the "Spring 2021" term is "5" or whatever.
  * "Apps, Programming, and Entrepreneurship", "CPSC-213" taught in "Spring 2021" by "klj39"  (Kyle)
  * "Strategic Management of Nonprofit Organizations", "MGT-527" taught in "Fall 2021" by  "jc288" (Judy)
* Add a table `enrollments` with the following colums
  * `id` should be an `IDENTITY` primary key
    generated by default always.
  * `course_id` a foreign key to `course(id)`, not null
  * `student_netid` a foreign key to `user(netid)`, not null
  * `grade`, a TEXT field, either null or A-F with +/- except, at Yale, there's no A+, F+, or F-
* Add the following students to Kyle's course
  * Kwame Abara, `ka234`, grade "A"
  * Hua Zhi Ruo, `hzr98`, grade "A"
* Add the following students to Judy's course
  * Hua Zhi Ruo, `hzr98`, grade "A"
  * Magnus Hansen, `mh99`, grade "A"
* There are only A's at Yale 😜✊


  